README.md, before:

# ID_KeithToh_Assg2
#### Traffic Condition in Singapore

## Design Process
Link to Adobe XD: https://xd.adobe.com/view/160a2137-9de5-4af5-9391-7d3748a085d5-4359/ 

## Features
### Existing Features 
* Feature 1: Links to Government Digital Services (related to vehicle/driving) on navigation bar.
* Feature 2: List of Emergency Hotlines/Contacts on navigation bar.
* Feature 3: Search Traffic Conditions based on Date and Time:
    * Output includes Camera ID, Coordinates of Camera, Image of Traffic and Timestamp.
### Features Left to Implement
## Technologies Used
* [JQuery](https://jquery.com)
    * This project uses jQuery to simplify DOM manipulation.
* [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
    * This project uses Bootstrap to layout contents on the website.
* APIs
    * [Data.gov.sg](https://data.gov.sg/)
        * This project uses Traffic Images API from Data.Gov to retrieve images of the roads of Singapore and the location of the cameras. 
    * [Google Maps](https://developers.google.com/maps/apis-by-platform)
        * This project uses Google Maps JavaScript API to display a Google Map on the website, as well as the exact locations of every traffic cameras.
## Testing

## Credits
### Content
### Media
### Acknowledgements

Commit message:

added credits (media) for maps icons

README.md, after:

# ID_KeithToh_Assg2
#### Traffic Condition in Singapore

## Design Process
Link to Adobe XD: https://xd.adobe.com/view/160a2137-9de5-4af5-9391-7d3748a085d5-4359/ 

## Features
### Existing Features 
* Feature 1: Links to Government Digital Services (related to vehicle/driving) on navigation bar.
* Feature 2: List of Emergency Hotlines/Contacts on navigation bar.
* Feature 3: Search Traffic Conditions based on Date and Time:
    * Output includes Camera ID, Coordinates of Camera, Image of Traffic and Timestamp.
### Features Left to Implement
## Technologies Used
* [JQuery](https://jquery.com)
    * This project uses jQuery to simplify DOM manipulation.
* [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
    * This project uses Bootstrap to layout contents on the website.
* APIs
    * [Data.gov.sg](https://data.gov.sg/)
        * This project uses Traffic Images API from Data.Gov to retrieve images of the roads of Singapore and the location of the cameras. 
    * [Google Maps](https://developers.google.com/maps/apis-by-platform)
        * This project uses Google Maps JavaScript API to display a Google Map on the website, as well as the exact locations of every traffic cameras.
## Testing

## Credits
### Content
### Media
The icons used in the Google Maps were from Google Earth/Maps Icons website (http://kml4earth.appspot.com/icons.html#shapes).
### Acknowledgements
